Release v3.0.0 (#233)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-nornir: docs/admin/release_notes/version_3.0.md

# v3.0 Release Notes

This document describes all new features and changes in the release. The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Release Overview

> This major release marks the compatibility of the App with Nautobot 3.0.0. Check out the [full details](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/release-notes/version-3.0/) of the changes included in this new major release of Nautobot. Highlights:

Reviewer: Up to you if you want to change this.

```suggestion
This major release marks the compatibility of the Nautobot Nornir App with Nautobot 3.0.0. Check out the [full details](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/release-notes/version-3.0/) of the changes included in this new major release of Nautobot. Highlights:
```

> This major release marks the compatibility of the Capacity Metrics App with Nautobot 3.0.0. Check out the [full details](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/release-notes/version-3.0/) of the changes included in this new major release of Nautobot. Highlights:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major release marks the compatibility of the Nautobot Nornir App with Nautobot 3.0.0. Check out the [full details](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/release-notes/version-3.0/) of the changes included in this new major release of Nautobot. Highlights:
```

- Minimum Nautobot version supported is 3.0.
- Added support for Python 3.13 and removed support for 3.9.
- Updated UI framework to use latest Bootstrap 5.3.

> ## [v3.0.0 (2025-11-14)](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-nornir/releases/tag/v3.0.0)

Reviewer: Are we releasing this one today or should this be changed to `2025-11-17`?

### Housekeeping

- Rebaked from the cookie `nautobot-app-v2.7.0`.

> - Rebaked from the cookie `nautobot-app-v2.7.1`.

Reviewer: We should remove this section. These are going to go into the 2.x release notes
